Oversette api-dokumentasjon for portal (#23)
digipost/signering-docs: source/client-integration/portal-flow.rst

Portal flow
****************************

> This integration pattern is suitable for senders who want to create :ref:`a signature job in portal flow <signering-i-portalflyt>`. The signing ceremony is performed by the signer in the signing portal, and the sender will then be able to poll for a status and retrieve the signed document. This scenario is designed to support a flow where it is necessary to obtain signatures from more than one signer.

Reviewer: Mer aktivt språk, og bruker ikke "signing ceremony", ref https://signering-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ordbok.html#signeringsflyt:

```suggestion
This integration pattern is suitable for senders who want to create :ref:`a signature job in portal flow <signering-i-portalflyt>`. The signer logs in to the signing portal, signs the document, and the sender will then be able to poll for a status and retrieve the signed document. This scenario is designed to support a flow where it is necessary to obtain signatures from more than one signer.
```
